Feat: new expressions flavor in 3.7 (#7304)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/key-concepts/routes/expressions.md

Edit the [kong.conf](/gateway/latest/production/kong-conf/) to contain the line `router_flavor = expressions` and restart {{site.base_gateway}}.
{:.note}
{% if_version gte:3.7.x %}

> > **Note:** After you enable expressions, the match fields that traditionally exist on the route object (such as `paths` and `methods`) will be still configurable, and you may specify Expressions in a new `expression` field, but you can not configure them simultaneously. Another new field `priority` will work with the `expression` field that allows specifying the order of evaluation of configured Expression routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** After enabling expressions, traditional match fields on the route object (such as `paths` and `methods`) remain configurable. You may specify Expressions in the new `expression` field. However, these cannot be configured simultaneously with traditional match fields. Additionally, a new `priority` field, used in conjunction with the `expression` field, allows you to specify the order of evaluation for Expression routes.
```
